.TH NOX\-CLI 1 "2026-03-30" "1.0.0" "NOX Framework"
.SH NAME
nox-cli \- Advanced Asynchronous Cyber Threat Intelligence Framework
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nox-cli
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B nox-cli
is an open-source OSINT and breach intelligence framework supporting 120+
JSON-plugin data sources. It performs asynchronous multi-source lookups
against email addresses, domains, IP addresses, usernames, phone numbers,
and hashes. Results can be exported in JSON, CSV, HTML, Markdown, or PDF.
.PP
On first run, the application creates \fI~/.nox/\fR with a default
\fIconfig.ini\fR and seeds the sources directory from the package data.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-target " " \fITARGET\fR
Target to scan (email, domain, IP, username, phone, or hash).
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-interactive
Launch the interactive REPL shell.
.TP
.BR \-\-version
Print version number and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\-autoscan
Full pipeline: breach scan + recursive identity pivot + dorking + paste/Telegram scraping.
Equivalent to running all phases in sequence on the target and every discovered asset.
.TP
.BR \-\-fullscan
Full scan including pivot enrichment, dorking, and scraping (alias for \-\-autoscan).
.TP
.BR \-\-no\-pivot
Disable recursive pivot enrichment during a full scan.
.TP
.BR \-\-dork " " \fITARGET\fR
Run Google dorking against the specified target.
.TP
.BR \-\-scrape " " \fITARGET\fR
Run web scraping and Telegram indexing against the specified target.
.TP
.BR \-\-crack " " \fIHASH\fR
Attempt to crack the given hash using online rainbow-table APIs and local wordlists.
.B WARNING:
submitting hashes to online APIs leaks them to third-party services.
Use \fB\-\-no\-online\-crack\fR to restrict cracking to local wordlists only.
.TP
.BR \-\-no\-online\-crack
Disable all online rainbow-table API queries during hash cracking.
Only local wordlist-based cracking is performed. No hash data is sent to
external services. Recommended for sensitive engagements.
.TP
.BR \-\-analyze " " \fIPASSWORD\fR
Analyze a password for strength and breach exposure.
.TP
.BR \-\-apikeys
Show the API key configuration dashboard. Displays configured and unconfigured
keys for all supported services.
.TP
.BR \-\-allow\-leak
Bypass the fail-safe OPSEC kill-switch and allow direct connections even when
a proxy or Tor circuit is unavailable. Use only in controlled environments.
.TP
.BR \-\-tor
Route all requests through the local Tor SOCKS proxy (port 9050).
.TP
.BR \-\-proxy " " \fIURL\fR
Use the specified proxy URL for all requests.
.TP
.BR \-\-threads " " \fIN\fR
Maximum concurrency level (default: 20).
.TP
.BR \-\-timeout " " \fISECONDS\fR
Per-request timeout in seconds (default: 15).
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-output " " \fIFILE\fR
Write results to the specified output file.
.TP
.BR \-\-format " " \fI{json,csv,html,md,pdf}\fR
Output format (default: json).
.TP
.BR \-\-diff
Compare the current scan results against the last cached scan for the same
target and display only new findings. Records already present in the local
SQLite cache are suppressed. Useful for recurring exposure monitoring.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.nox/config.ini
Per-user configuration file. Created automatically on first run.
Contains \fB[settings]\fR (concurrency, timeout, stealth, rate limits)
and \fB[api_keys]\fR sections.
.TP
.I /etc/nox/config.ini
System-wide configuration file. Used as fallback when the per-user file
does not exist.
.TP
.I ~/.nox/sources/
Directory containing JSON source definition files.
.TP
.I ~/.nox/reports/
Default output directory for generated reports.
.TP
.I ~/.nox/logs/nox.log
Application log file.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at https://github.com/nox-project/nox-framework/issues
.SH AUTHOR
nox-project
